README.md, before:

# Learning Projects Repository (Dotnet)

Welcome to my learning projects repository! This repository contains a collection of .NET projects that I am currently learning and will be learning in the future.

## About
This repository serves as a hub for various learning projects related to .NET development. Each project represents a different aspect of my learning journey and may cover different technologies, frameworks, or concepts within the .NET ecosystem.

## Current Projects
### Student Management System
- Description: A web application designed to manage student information efficiently. This system allows administrators and educators to keep track of student details, academic records, and other essential data.
- [Link to this project Details](/LearningProject/ApilSMS/README.md)



## Previous Projects
### IMS Web App using MVC N-tier Architecture
   - Description: An Inventory Management System (IMS) web application developed using the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern and following an N-tier architecture.
   - [Link to this project Details](/LearningProject/IMS.web/README.md)

### CRUD Operation of Student data
   - Description: This is an basic web application developed using the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern which allows to perform CRUD operation(basic student management task).
   - [Link to this project Details](/ClassProject/CrudStudentInfo/README.md)

### CRUD Operation of Football Player data with Validation
   - Description: This is an basic web application developed using the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern which allows to perform CRUD operation. This project is limited to Inserting data and its validation till now. I will be working in the project in comming days.
   - [Link to this project Details](/ClassProject/PlayerInfoCrudWithValidation/README.md)

## Future Projects
I plan to add more .NET projects to this repository in the future. Some of the projects I am considering include:
- ECommerce Web App and more 


## Contribution
While these projects are primarily for my learning purposes, contributions and feedback are always welcome! If you have any suggestions, improvements, or would like to collaborate on a project, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Acknowledgements
I would like to express my gratitude to teachers, my friends and all the documentations provide by the Microsoft website for their invaluable contributions to my learning journey.

Thank you for visiting my repository! Happy coding!

Commit message:

Docs: Update README.md for the repo and also for the Basic Product Management System

README.md, after:

# Learning Projects Repository (Dotnet)

Welcome to my learning projects repository! This repository contains a collection of .NET projects that I am currently learning and will be learning in the future.

## About
This repository serves as a hub for various learning projects related to .NET development. Each project represents a different aspect of my learning journey and may cover different technologies, frameworks, or concepts within the .NET ecosystem.

## Current Projects
### Product Management System
- Description: A web application designed to manage Product and their categories effieiently. This system allows administrators to add, update, view detils and delete the product and the categories, whle the normal user is limited to creating a user account and viewing the product and categories added by the administrator.
- [Link to this project Details](/LearningProject/Apil_PMS/README.md)

### Student Management System
- Description: A web application designed to manage student information efficiently. This system allows administrators and educators to keep track of student details, academic records, and other essential data.
- [Link to this project Details](/LearningProject/ApilSMS/README.md)



## Previous Projects
### IMS Web App using MVC N-tier Architecture
   - Description: An Inventory Management System (IMS) web application developed using the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern and following an N-tier architecture.
   - [Link to this project Details](/LearningProject/IMS.web/README.md)

### CRUD Operation of Student data
   - Description: This is an basic web application developed using the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern which allows to perform CRUD operation(basic student management task).
   - [Link to this project Details](/ClassProject/CrudStudentInfo/README.md)

### CRUD Operation of Football Player data with Validation
   - Description: This is an basic web application developed using the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern which allows to perform CRUD operation. This project is limited to Inserting data and its validation till now. I will be working in the project in comming days.
   - [Link to this project Details](/ClassProject/PlayerInfoCrudWithValidation/README.md)

## Future Projects
I plan to add more .NET projects to this repository in the future. Some of the projects I am considering include:
- ECommerce Web App and more 


## Contribution
While these projects are primarily for my learning purposes, contributions and feedback are always welcome! If you have any suggestions, improvements, or would like to collaborate on a project, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Acknowledgements
I would like to express my gratitude to teachers, my friends and all the documentations provide by the Microsoft website for their invaluable contributions to my learning journey.

Thank you for visiting my repository! Happy coding!
